What does Vietnam National University Hanoi have in its name?
What is the name of the Vietnam National University Hanoi?
How many lecturers does Vietnam National University Hanoi have?
What did the Prime Minister issue in 2002?
What was the name of the university that was separated from the University of General Education?
What did the Prime Minister do in 2004?
What was the basis for the establishment of the University of Technology?
What other units are located in Vietnam National University Hanoi?
What will some of Vietnam National University Hanoi's affiliated units be relocated to by 2015?
What other units are located in Vietnam National University Hanoi?
What is the name of the university system in Vietnam?
What is the name of the Vietnam National University Hanoi?
What country is the largest university urban area in Vietnam?
What type of training facilities does Vietnam National University Hanoi have?
What was the former name of the University of General Education?
What is the main focus of Vietnam National University Hanoi?
What was the predecessor of Vietnam National University Hanoi?
What type of institute is Vietnam National University Hanoi?
What is the goal of the relocation of the headquarters of Vietnam National University Hanoi?
Where is the former headquarters of Vietnam National University Hanoi located?
When was the Basic Science School established?
What type of education is offered by Vietnam National University Hanoi?
What type of sciences and humanities does Vietnam National University Hanoi offer?
What type of research institutes does Vietnam National University Hanoi have?
What was the first major field of study at Vietnam National University Hanoi?
Where is the former headquarters of the Indochina University?
What is the goal of the relocation of affiliated units to the Hoa Lac campus?
What type of education does Vietnam National University Hanoi offer?
What was the basis for the establishment of the University of Technology?
What type of research institutes does Vietnam National University Hanoi offer?
When did the Prime Minister of Vietnam issue the groundbreaking order for the Vietnam National University Hanoi?
In what year was the University of Education established?
What type of units will be relocated to the Hoa Lac campus by 2015?
Where did the Basic Science School of Vietnam National University Hanoi come from?
What type of units are under the administration of Vietnam National University Hanoi?
What area of land is Vietnam National University Hanoi located in?
What country is the largest university urban area in Vietnam?
When did the University of Education separate from the University of General Education?
What is the name of the dormitory area at Vietnam National University Hanoi?
What type of sciences does Vietnam National University Hanoi offer training programs in?
